Hey, good morning family, how are y'all
doing today? Well, praise the Lord, we're
excited to be here. I have some things on
my
heart to pray about, but I
wanted to tell you all a
testimony about a lady that was
believing for a baby. She wasn't able to
conceive, and so after my wife prayed
for her, the Lord touched her body, and
they're going to have their
first baby, I believe—or another baby. I
don't think it's their first baby, but
they're going to have
another child. And so, we're excited
for them. Then right after that, we got
another email from somebody
getting ready to have a baby;
they conceived all in the same time
frame. I thought, well, maybe it was the
same day we prayed.
Isn't that amazing that God
did that and that he is growing
families in the kingdom of God?
Hallelujah! And so, we're excited and we
rejoice with all these people that are
getting ready to have babies this
next year. 2025 is going to be a blessed
year for some
families—well,
for everybody, but I'm just saying for
these people who have been believing for
children—so
we're just excited and we
just want to rejoice with you. If you
have a healing testimony and the Lord's
done
something in your life through this
channel, let us know. We're
excited to see what the Lord is doing
through everybody's lives, one soul at
a time, one person at a time. We see
it in demonstrations and
manifestations of the glory; it's
happening. And miracles, you know, signs
and wonders in these last days, and we're
expecting results. We're expecting
when we pray, we give all the glory to
the Lord. We give all of it because I'm
telling you, nobody's even touching you,
ladies and gentlemen, other than the Holy
Spirit through this camera. And so it's
exciting because I told
you what the Lord told me. He said, 'In
this last move, I'm going to do a
lot of miracles and we're going to
see signs and
wonders.'And
he said, 'Brandon, there's
going to be like glory domes all over
the place, and nobody's
going to have to lay hands on you to
receive it. You'll walk in there and the
presence of the Lord will be so
strong with the
Shekinah
glory. The weightiness of the glory
will be in the atmosphere, and people
will be healed because nobody's going to
get the glory for it. It'll be all the
glory to God. He's not going to share his
glory with anybody.'And I'm excited to be
a part of that because in this, we're
just praying—just saying that prayer
just like you would
in your house—and
the presence of the Lord goes in there
and is delivering you. And I'm excited
about that, y'all. This is exciting, and I
believe this is just the beginning. The
Lord told me, 'Brandon, I'm going
to use this channel in an unusual way, a
very unusual way, that we will
see demonstrations and manifestations of
the glory of God as we believe, as
believers, for your unsaved loved ones,
for deliverance, for healing, for all
kinds of things. Whatever you may need,
God has it.'And I just believe with all
my heart today: today is your day for
your miracle. Why don't
you believe God for what
seemed to be impossible
to
become possible? All things are
possible to him that
believes.
Today is your day for a supernatural
visitation, manifestations of the glory. I
want to tell you all about Billy
Burke. I'm excited about Billy Burke. I've
been watching Billy Burke a lot and
the healings and things that are going
on in his ministry. And
you all keep telling me you're
going and supporting him; I'm excited
that you're supporting him. I want to
tell you about a meeting that's coming.
He's coming to Tulsa, Oklahoma,
at the first part of December.
In Tulsa, if you're in the area and you
want to go and experience
the miracles and the demonstrations and
manifestations of the glory, he's going
to be at Millennium Church, I believe it
is, here in Oklahoma. And so, it's
exciting times. I encourage you all to
support him.
He goes all over the
country; he has his itinerary online,
and I just want
everybody to support him. I saw the last meeting
he had, there wasn't a lot of people
there. He had it in Pittsburgh. And so, you
know, I'd like for there to be standing
room only for him in these
meetings because I'm telling you all, I
experienced the glory when I went, and
I want people to really try to support
this man and go see his ministry
whenever he's in your area because I'm
telling you, it will change your life. So
if you go to Billy Burke and you're
there and you see Billy Burke at the
meeting and he brings you up on stage, tell
him that I sent you because I think it
would
be cool. I think he's
starting to know who I am a little bit
by some of the people showing up at his
meetings because he brought me up at
his last service. Just say, 'Brandon
sent me from the Last Days YouTube
channel,'if
you ever go. So that'll bless me. And I
don't even personally know this man; all
I know is when I went to his service and
he prayed for me, my life will never be
the same. And so, if the
presence of the Lord would do that for
me at his meeting, I believe he'll
do it for you at the meeting also. And so,
another thing: Sister Billie Brim is
having a conference in February at
Glorious Church with Rick Renner.
And
she is going to be teaching on the end
times and the Rapture of the
church—where
we are in the end times. And this
has
never been done before with her
and Rick Renner. They're going to be doing
like a table talk where they're
going to be talking about the end times
for a whole week,
everything from where we
are in the tribulation, where we'll go,
and
the Thousand-Year
Reign, all kinds of stuff. Really cool
eschatology.
I'm sure they'll talk about
all—I
mean, really, it will be
full of knowledge, full of information.
You know, Rick Renner is a Bible scholar
and he studies out the Greek and
is brilliant; he has a brilliant mind
when it comes to the word of God. And I
am looking forward to it. But I wanted to
tell you all, you can put it on your
calendar that it's going to be in
February, and they're coming to the
Glorious Church
Fellowship. So if you're interested in
going to that, I'm sure it would
bless you. It would be
a Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
or something like that. I
don't remember exactly the dates, but I
will update you again. You can either
call Glorious Church or look
at their website and be able to see when
they're having this meeting, but I
believe it's the first week of
February. So I
just want to encourage you all to
support that and hopefully it'll
bless you because I believe it's
going to bless us. Aren't you excited
about Diana? Yes, it's exciting times.
We love hearing about eschatology and
about end-time teaching, especially from
Rick, and then when you put
Billie
together with Rick and the Greek and all
that, it's like, oh my gosh, this is going
to be phenomenal. So I just want to
encourage you all today to
believe God for big. I know
people get discouraged, I know we get
weary in well-doing, but I want you to
hold up your head today and know that
Jesus loves you even in the midst of
the
storms of life—even whenever it seems
like all things are coming
against you and the waves of
life are knocking you down. I just want
you to keep your head up. I've been there, and
there are
days that I feel
like I don't want to—I'm like, 'How can I
even come out and do another video today?
I'm so
tired.'But
you know, you just keep on keeping on
even when things seem to be at their worst.
You
know, I see all these bugs and all this
stuff flying around me, I'm not used to
all this, I get distracted. It's like,
'There's a bug, there's a
bug!'But
whenever things seem to be at
their
hardest, that's whenever the light comes
out strongest. I believe with all my
heart it's darkest before dawn. I just
want to encourage you all to keep on
keeping on. Don't give up whenever you're
believing for your miracle. I know
there's some days that seem like it's
never going to happen. You may
feel that way in your
natural, like, 'Oh, do I have to go through
another day of this?'But I'm telling you, in
due
season's coming. In due season's coming.
You have to keep on keeping on,
fighting the good fight of faith,
regardless if you're having a
hard time in your marriage, you may be
having a hard time with your kids, or you
may be having a hard time with your job.
And you may think, 'Man, I can't go in
there another day and serve and work at
this place anymore. God, are you going to
open another door for me for
another great
job?'The
job is a big deal for a lot of
people because you spend eight hours a
day there, sometimes more, every single
day, five days a week, sometimes six
days a week, working your tail
end off trying to make a living, trying
to do things to supply for your
families. There's men out there that are
working full-time, two jobs, three jobs,
who knows? And you get to the point
where you get weary in well-doing, where
you get to the holiday times and you're
thinking, 'How am I going to buy Christmas
for my kids? How am I going to buy
Thanksgiving dinner for my
family?'But
I'm telling
you, God said in his word that he would
supply all your needs according to his
riches in glory by Christ Jesus. And
regardless of your—and I always told
myself whenever we didn't have much, we
were down at the
bottom of the barrel, thinking, 'Lord, how are
we going to do this?'And the Lord
always provided a
way.
He always takes care of his beloved,
and I believe with all my heart he'll
take care of you. He's no respecter of
persons. But there would be times
whenever we were down to our last
ten
cents, it seemed like we didn't have
anything,
and we were like, 'Oh man, what are
we going to do?'Remember, Die? It was
terrible, and the Lord always provided.
It wasn't always the
best of what we thought we needed, but we
got through. And so
I'm trying to encourage you all to
know that God's going to take care
of you. Believing for a creative
idea—I
know a lot of people don't want
to hear this, but there's a lot of people
that are struggling because we get the
emails, and I know that God is a provider.
God is El Elyon, the Most High.
He is a Jehovah Jireh. He will provide for
you, he will heal you, he will deliver you,
and all you have to do is reach out
in simple faith.
Abraham—it
says in the word—Abraham staggered not
at the promise of God through unbelief.
He knew in the deadness of her womb, she
was
old, there was no life in
that womb to bring forth a
new child, but the Lord saw to it to
bring him forth, Isaac. And I believe with
all my heart that there's Isaacs coming,
not just in babies, but in every area
of your life.
Isaacs—there's
blessings, there's
increase, there's new jobs, there's
multiplication, there's
promotions. Whatever you may need, I
believe with all my heart God has your
Isaac. Does that make sense what I'm
trying to say, ladies and gentlemen? I'm
trying to tell you to believe God
and stagger not at the promises that God
said he would supply for all your needs
according to riches and glory, that he
would heal you by his stripes, that he
would deliver you, and that with long
life he would satisfy you and show you
his salvation—Psalms 91—and that he would
give you peace in your homes. You
don't have to go home tonight and be
tormented and go, 'Well, you know, we're
going to go home, my wife and I are going
to fight probably all night and I'll
sleep in the other room, won't have
anybody to be with because
our marriage is just
terrible.'Remember,
you have what you say. The Bible
says call those things that be not as
though they were, and you have to speak
to your circumstances and say, 'My
marriage is good.'Even whenever Diana and
I were having a hard time when Megan was
first diagnosed, there were days, because of
how much pressure it was having a
special needs child, that I was like, 'Man,
I don't want to do this
anymore.'It
wasn't because of Diana; it was because
the circumstances were
making—I've
always loved Diana, we've had a really
good friendship and a good marriage, but
there's been times whenever there's been
pressure from circumstances of life
that really try to put pressure on the
marriage and put pressure on the
finances, pressure on things that you go,
'I don't want to do this anymore.'And
you've
got to have that
inside, that bulldog on a bone, saying, 'I
will keep doing this. I signed up for
this, I'm going to do this. I made a
covenant with her, I made a covenant with
him, and we're going to walk through the
valley and we're going to make this
happen. We're not quitters, we're fighters,
and we're doers of the word,
regardless of how hard life throws these curveballs
and fastballs
at
you.'You've
got to keep on keeping on and
know
that we're not quitters. We have to be
the army, and we have to be
the backbone. And when
things are thrown at us the
hardest, that's whenever you keep saying
the strongest, 'Nope, I'm
going to keep making this marriage work.
Nope, I'm going to fight and I'm going to
believe for my child's
healing. No, I'm going to believe for a
better job, I'm going to believe God for
a creative idea.'And it didn't even come
through me, ladies and gentlemen. The idea
to do eBay, the idea to do Poshmark,
the
ideas to sell things on
Facebook Marketplace—that came from
the Holy Spirit and my wife. So you think
a lot of times, 'Well, it's going
to have to come through the
man.'No,
listen to your wife and what she has to say.
She may have a creative idea that might
get you out of the hole, too. Don't always
try to be the one who says, 'Well, I'm the head, I'm
going to get this
through.'No,
it came through my
sweet
wife, and whenever she said it, I didn't even
believe it. I'd say, 'Is this the way God
wants to do this for our
family?'because
pride comes in as a
man and you think, 'Well, I'm not going to
listen to that.'And I just
had to just say, 'Listen, buddy,
you better shut your
mouth.'You
know what I'm saying?
I'm just saying,
there is a lot of times that the Lord
will use unexpected ways, and it doesn't
have to be how you think
it's going to happen
because
you try to box
God in, you try to limit God, you try to
tell him, 'This is how you're going to
operate in our life.'And God
is
exceedingly abundantly above all that
you dare ask or think.
God is not going to operate in
your peanut brain in how he's going to
get it to you. It comes through—like I
told you all, I had a man—I was
just cleaning the floors of the church,
not expecting it at all. It was a big
Christmas program that we were doing
at the church and I was just in there
cleaning, and we didn't have any
Christmas presents for the kids or
anything. We wanted to get the gifts for
the family and we were like, 'Man,
Lord,'and
we were down to nothing. And this man
out of nowhere walks up to
me—his
name was Tim—and he walked up to me
and he said, 'The Lord told me to give you
this
$1,000.'It
would have
seemed like it was a million dollars,
ladies and gentlemen, for where we were.
$1,000—that
was like—because I only made
like eight bucks an hour. So when you
get
$1,000 on janitor's wages, you go, 'My
God.'You
know, the Lord came through. And I
remember sitting there when he walked
away, I went outside and I called Diana
and I said, 'Babe, the Lord just provided
our
Christmas,'and
she just wept on the
phone with me. We both wept because God
came through. And it's not just one time
he's done that. If he did it once, he'll
do it again. And that's where we believe
him all the time, even today for it,
ladies and gentlemen. I don't always have
my stuff together. I may—you may think I
do, and it may seem like I do on this
camera, but we believe God for stuff all
the time. We're still believing him for
stuff. You say, 'Well, Brandon, what are you
doing with your faith right
now?'I'm
believing for things that if I told you
what I was believing for, it would freak
you out because of things the Lord has
told me that we're going to have to do
for this ministry. But we keep on, and we
know that it is not by our might, not
by my power, but by the spirit,
says the Lord. Regardless of how big it
is, sometimes
the mountain seems so big that you can't
climb it and you go, 'How in the world am
I going to get up there?'other than just
say, 'Lord, I trust you. You said it, and now
you're going to bring it to pass. You
told us to do it, now you're going to
bring it to pass. I'm not going to be
moved by what I see. I'm not moved by
what I feel.'If you don't bring it,
I'm not going to worry about it.
It's your bill,
Lord.
I used to get so upset about it, I
used to have anxiety about it, and it was
bad. For a long time, I told Die, I said,
'If I could just get a couple
months extra in the bank
so I don't stress out about these
finances all the time—about your
electric, your water, your gas, and your
car payment.'Because there was a time whenever
they repoed our car; they came
and took it, and we would sit there and
just watch it go down the street. It
sucks—it's
just
being real. And you get to that
point where
you get really discouraged when
they come and get your broke-down Honda
with 200,000 miles on it, and you're
going, 'What gives?'And then
you keep believing. That's what I'm
trying to tell y'all. We've been there. We
know what it's like to be at the bottom
of the barrel and the barrel be on
top of you, like Brother Hagin used to
say. But God, who is rich in mercy. So I
hope this encourages you today that
you're not alone. You may think
you're alone, you may think God's not
hearing you, you may think
he's abandoned
us, 'We don't even have enough
for some Spam and some peanut butter and
jelly.'But
I'm telling you, if
you keep on being faithful, you keep
speaking to your circumstances, if you
keep calling those things that be not as
though they were, you keep speaking to
your marriage—'My marriage is good, my
marriage is whole, my marriage is
healthy'—because
what you say out of your mouth is
what you're going to have tomorrow. What
you said out of your mouth today is what
you lived
yesterday. Life is a series of choices. We
were talking about it even yesterday; I
said, 'Isn't it amazing, it's the
small decisions that make the big
decision.'We're
always looking for the
big thing. For
me,
struggling with my weight, eating wrong
foods, bad foods during the
day—I'll
pick up something and put it in my mouth, it's
something so small and yet it tries to
ruin me. It's something that I deal with,
and you get that
stress and you go, 'Man, I've got to have
that piece of candy,'and I put it in my
mouth and I didn't even realize I did it
because it's just something
that I've dealt
with. And I try so hard to turn it around.
I say, 'Tomorrow, the diet starts tomorrow.
Tomorrow I'm going to do
good.'And
then you end up
catching yourself with that
cookie from Paisley, my little girl.
She'll have a cookie and I go, 'Oh,
it's
gluten-free.'I
just try to be real with y'all.
Like I said, we all have our stuff
we're going through, and none of us
are perfect. We're all work in progress.
But Jesus loves every single one of us
where we are and he wants us to come up
higher. He always—there's that gentle,
still, small voice tugging
at
your heart. 'Brandon, you can make it, you
can do this, you can make your marriage
work. You can do
whatever you set your mind to
with the Holy Spirit.'You can achieve it.
I'm telling you, whenever it's anointed
by God, he puts that on you and
he says, 'Hey, you can climb this mountain,'and
you're
thinking, 'No, I can't. I
can't make it through this. You don't
know how much debt I'm in. You don't know
how much my boss hates me.
You don't know how much my wife and I
fight. You don't know how much my kids
are such a pain in the
rear.'It's
what you're saying
out of your
mouth. I don't ever curse my family.
sometimes you get real
frustrated and you may spout off
something; I'm always quick to repent. I
say, 'Diana, I shouldn't have said that, I
was frustrated. I shouldn't have said that. I
curse those words, I call crop failure
over those
words.'You
always
try to be quick to repent and put it
under the blood when you do mess up.
Don't beat yourself up; you keep on
keeping on. 'Well, I called my kid a pain in
the butt,'or whatever. 'Lord, I thank you,
Lord, Johnny is a good
boy.'You
just keep on keeping
on. Speak into your circumstances
and you will see them
change. Find
scripture that pertains to what you're
believing
for—healing,
finances, a sound home. You can go
through the Solomon for your
marriage. Find scripture about the Song of
Solomon
about being in love
and quote those over your wife,
quote those over your husband.
That's what I do
over—I
bless Diana all the time, bless her in
her sleep, lay hands on her mind.
'Father, I thank you,
Lord, that Diana is sound, that she's a
good wife, she's a good mother.
Thank you, Lord, for the
spouse that you've given me. I
bless her in the name of Jesus, that
she'll always walk in health, she'll
always know wealth, she'll always know
peace that passes all
understanding.'Bless
your spouse. Speak to
the circumstances; call them
something good, not bad. Do you see what
I'm saying? And that's what
brings fruit in your life.
Love never fails.
Walk in love, and I know
that that's what's brought me
breakthroughs.
And like I said, even whenever it
seemed like it was impossible with the
hardest days with Megan, we just kept on
keeping on, didn't we, babe? And it
was
rough—rough
days—but
God brought us
through and Megan's getting better and
better. But we
looked back ten years ago, and it
was rough, really rough. I
thought, 'My goodness, we're never going to
make it out of this,'in the natural.
But I would
never speak that out of my mouth.
I mean, I'm talking—I'd bite
my tongue because I knew that life and
death is in the power of the tongue. And
I told Diana, even if the doctors say
this is going to be this way, I'd always
backtrack their word. Say, 'That's
not going to happen to us. We're not
going to live that way. We're coming out
of this.'And they look at you like you're
delusional, like you're on
something. 'You haven't come to
reality, sir.'And I say, 'No, my reality is
the word of
God. You may say this, but I believe what
the word of God says about us.'That he
said in his word that all things are
possible to him who believes, regardless
of what you want to say, sir. And I'm not
disrespectful to them, but sometimes
they come across really aggressive. 'You
need to come to reality,
you are living in La La
Land.'And
I'm not. Didn't they, babe? When they
get aggressive, you get aggressive with
the word.
So we want to encourage
you all
to tell you you can make it and you
just keep believing
for the impossible to come to pass in
your life.
That's what you've got to do.
So we're going to pray for
you today. We want to believe for your
healing, Diana's going to believe
for your
deliverance, for your family, for
your healing, for your children.
Today is your day for your
breakthrough.
Father, we just thank you
right now in the name of Jesus for every
single person who's represented here
today for healings and demonstrations
and manifestations of the glory. Father, I
speak healing over their lives right now.
I thank you, Father, that you deliver them
from the top of their head to the soles
of their feet, that healing flows through
this camera right now. Father, whatever
they need, you know what they
need, and I thank you, Father, that they
are delivered from
addictions,
from sickness and disease,
from
bondage—from
things that they thought they would have
for the rest of their life. I thank you,
Father, that your
burden-removing, yoke-destroying
power goes through this
camera right now in the name of Jesus
and sets them free. I call them healed,
whole, and well.
We thank
you, Lord, that you're the deliverer,
you're the healer,
there's more than
enough for whatever they need. Father,
we call them
prosperous, we call them to have more
than enough. Father, we thank you, Lord,
that they have jobs and better jobs.
We speak to the jobs, Father, that
every single one of them would be the
head and not the tail. We speak that
they would be
the boss, that they are the
ones excelling. Father, just like you
excelled Joseph in Egypt
with
Pharaoh, you blessed him and you made him
excel above everybody.
I thank you, Father,
that you're the same yesterday, today, and
forever, and the same God that would do
that for Joseph would do that for them.
And I thank you, Father, they'll be second
in command, they'll be head in command.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they
are not to be the tail,
they're to be over and above
all that they dare ask or think
according to the power that worketh
through them—and that's you, Holy Spirit.
You've anointed their hands to prosper
today. Everything they put their
hands to—no matter what it is, they could
be the best bush trimmer in all the
world, they could
have
a yard company and
be
successful beyond anybody else.
Say it out
of
your mouth: 'I am anointed to do whatever
I
feel I'm called to do.'Say it: 'I am
anointed to be a bush
trimmer in a way that the world is not
familiar with, all for the glory of
God.'That's
what our pastor says; he taught
us that. You say that out of
your mouth: 'I am anointed to be the
greatest golf player, or the greatest
tax accountant, or the greatest police
officer, or the greatest firefighter. I'm
anointed to be a firefighter in
a
way that the world is not
familiar with, all for the glory of God.'And
in
all that you do, in word and in
deed, give all to the glory of God. And
I'm telling you, you'll see yourself
excel. Speak that out of your mouth.
When you give God the glory in
every area of your life—no matter what
you're doing—baseball, you could be the
best—'I
am the greatest pool
guy that the world has ever
seen, all for the glory of God. I'm
anointed to be a pool guy.'That's what I
should say. 'I am anointed to
sell
cars
in a way that the world is not
familiar with, all for the glory of God.'So that's what you've got to say. Father, I thank you—the greatest hair person, the greatest nail person. 'I'm anointed to do nails in a way that the world is
not familiar with, all for the glory of
God.'You
may be a plastic
surgeon—I
don't know—but just say it. Say it
out your mouth and say it all the time.
Speak it. So,
Father, we thank you, Lord, that that's who
they are; they're anointed to do it and
we believe with them today. Now, Father, we
believe for Elon Musk. Father, we call him
saved, we call him delivered. We thank you,
Lord, that the Starlink will be used for
the glory of God. We thank you, Lord, that
Elon Musk will be anointed for such a
time as this, like Esther, Father, to
bring forth the gospel like a Billy
Graham. Father, he has a lot of resources,
and we thank you, Lord, that you have a
plan for Elon Musk's life. I criticized him,
Lord, and you told me, 'I want you to pray
for him for 20 days.'I think this is day
four. I thank you, Father, that that man
is getting born again and he's becoming
radically saved with his influence.
Father, that there will be people that
come across his path that bring forth
the gospel to him and that he would have
ears to hear and a heart to receive what
the spirit is saying. Now, Father, we take
authority over the blinders, for you said
Satan has come and blinded the eyes of
the unbeliever. And I thank you, Father,
that we call those blinders off of his
eyes right now in the name of Jesus. And
I speak to his eyes, that he has eyes to
see what the spirit is saying, according
to Ephesians. We speak to his eyes,
that they're flooded with light
today in Jesus'name, and that he knows
the hope of his calling. We believe,
Father, that Elon Musk will have
visitations and manifestations of the
glory and he will call you Lord and
Savior. Father, we thank you, Lord, for
delivering his family, for delivering his
home—that
he would have
peace and that he would know
you intimately and that you would know
him. We thank you, Lord, that every single
person, as we believe for Elon
Musk, we're believing for our unsaved
loved ones and you're bringing them to
pass right now in Jesus'name. And we
give you all the glory, honor, and praise
for that, Father. And we thank you, Father,
for healings and manifestations. We call
our government well, we call our
government blessed. We speak to our
government, we speak to the circumstances
to change, and we say in the name of
Jesus, Donald Trump has a great
administration. We thank you, Lord, that
the persecution and all the
trials that are coming against him are
under his feet in Jesus'name, and that
he'll rise above and lead this country
back into a way that is godly again. We
thank you, Father, that there's good days
ahead of us, and Father, we thank you,
Lord, that when the financial stuff
happens, what you've showed me, Father, it
will not affect us, for you always said
you would provide for your beloved. When
a plague comes, it does not affect us
because you always protect your beloved.
A thousand will fall at your side and ten
thousand
will fall at your left, but
nothing shall come nigh us. There's a big
old eagle just flew over us when I'm
praying. Sorry to get distracted—that was
amazing. Big old bald eagle! Father, I
thank you, Lord, glory to God! Oh, there's
another one, there's
two! Well, praise the Lord for that,
that's awesome. Big old bald eagle flying
over me when I'm praying. Father, I thank
you,
Lord, for prophetic signs when I'm
praying for Donald Trump,
that a big old
eagle—so
cool when he shows up like that.
That big old bald eagle would fly over
me when I'm praying for Donald Trump.
Father, I just know he has this nation. I
just know he turns things and I believe
with all my heart that there's good
days ahead of America. And whenever
the enemy's trying to work up
a plan even right now, trying to do
things behind our back, Father, I thank
you, Lord, that you're giving Donald Trump
wisdom and discernment concerning this
and that he'll know how to handle
Russia, he'll know how to handle Ukraine
and France and what you showed me with
Emmanuel
Macron. And this administration
trying not to leave without a hitch, that
they'll not raise up any kind of
traps or anything behind the scenes that
we don't know about—Father, I thank you
that all hidden things will be revealed
and we call the enemy's plan to fall in
Jesus'name.
That it will not bear
fruit in any area of our life. Father, I
thank you, Lord, that America will
stand strong through the storms, and
Father, we will come out better than
before. We thank you, Father, for China, for
Russia—we
thank you, Lord, there's
a change in their government, that
Vladimir Putin would find you in a way
that is strong. I know everybody's
struggling for power right now, and
Father, they think they're right—we think
we're right—they think they're right
over there—but God, the
only one that's right is you. There's a
lot of deceit, there's a lot of people
that are
deceived. They're mad at the West,
we're mad at them, but Father,
it's just the devil. and Lord, I
thank you, Lord, that you cause peace
in these areas, that we will have
in Jesus'name a great revival. We're
believing, Father, for
a
supernatural
explosion of the glory of God over this
world one last time for a great harvest
of souls. Father, we thank you for it. And
everybody say, 'Amen and
Amen.'Well,
Diana, do you want to pray for
the babies? Yes, I'll hold the camera for
you. Okay, so right now I'm going to pray
over anyone who's believing to
conceive a baby. Right now in the name of
Jesus, we plead the blood of Jesus over
their wombs, Father, that they would be
able to conceive. Not only would they be
able to conceive, but they would have
a full-term,
easy, healthy pregnancy and that their
vine will not cast its fruit before its
time in the name of Jesus. And that they
would have healthy babies and easy
deliveries in Jesus'name,
and
that the babies would not have colic,
they would not have bad teething
issues, and that the mothers and the
fathers would be able to have
the strength that they need to
take care of these children. Father, and
that there will be no Downs, no autism, no
sickness, no disease comes near
these children in the name of Jesus.
Amen. So I hope this video
blessed you today. I know it was
something different; I came outside, I
thought, 'Well, let's do something a little
different.'I
get bored with doing the
same thing every day inside, so I thought,
'Well, let's go back out by the
bushes.'So
if you're watching this video and you
liked it, I appreciate you subscribing.
I ask you to click that notification
bell, click the subscribe
button, click the thumbs up—if you could
thumbs up this video, it helps us with
the algorithm. Ladies and gentlemen,
we're getting the gospel spread
throughout the whole world literally.
People are getting their lives
changed in places that you would go, 'What?
Are you kidding me?'That's
what—every
time we get an email from
something—'You're
watching us from where?'So, all
for the glory of God, it's been amazing
watching what the Lord has done. So if
you could please click the notification
bell, click the like button, click the
subscribe, click all the things you can
click. Comment something nice down below,
it would truly bless us. And we will
see you again tomorrow for like day
33 or
34. Tell us if you like the
bushes—I
don't know, I love them, I think they're
beautiful. Fall's really starting to set
in here. It's going to get really cold
this week, so everything's going to
really start to die. I'm like, 'Oh, I don't
like it when all the stuff
hibernates, goes into their dormant
season,'but
it's what happens. Well, put a
smile on your face and a song in your
heart. Jesus loves you so much and we
love you. God bless you all and have a
wonderful day today, and we'll see you
again tomorrow. Bye-bye.